Full-screen modal presentation bugfix (#2182)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: docs/guides/Reduce Memory Usage.md

Apps that use this SDK often begin by showing a preview map view where the route will go. Then, the user initiates navigation and the `NavigationViewController` is presented. However, the preview map is longer necessary to keep around in memory. 

> UIKit will remove the MapView from the View Heirarchy when using a `.fullScreen` presentation style, but if you choose to use another presentation style, you can remove the preview map view from the current view using `removeFromSuperview`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UIKit will remove `NavigationMapView` from the view hierarchy when using `UIModalPresentationStyle.fullScreen`, but if you choose to use another presentation style, you can remove the preview map view from the current view using `UIView.removeFromSuperview()`:
```
